Fix and make docs pretty (#433)
genomic-medicine-sweden/nallo: docs/usage.md

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

A thorough description of required files are provided below.

> Additionally, if you want to skip a subworkflow, you will need to explicitly state to skip all subworklow that relies on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you want to skip a subworkflow, you will need to explicitly state to skip all subworkflows that rely on it.
```
